in it there is no participation
look at me, it has been my turn to drive
programs like the highs and everything has
touched dancing for a dream
good for me the best for me
thank you very much for joining us
Thank you for being here and providing all your
talent
thank you very much for letting me be part
of this really cute that is a
privilege to be able to share with
you to say
So we say goodbye to the family of
telethon 2014
well first now they are
I do not know if the public has a
very slight clue that I said that I
I was not going to go until we will not reach
the goal and what do you think I'm here
in the flesh and bone to me now there are
to keep in mind that we have passed
worried hours and at certain times
of the transmission two three four five
in the afternoon we actually saw that
too much uphill then you can
improving thanks to god but everything
receive in that the town
take the attitude that is waiting
that each one determines I will help
to do it I want to do it
They make willy when when we started
be this telethon adventure the
savior of the star
we had a million colones and we said
in a quixote it is impossible to achieve
today we are looking for one million 805 thousand
106 thousand dollars
and it's much bigger than ever I could
Sizing responsibility
popular alternative because companies
they do everything they can think that the
Cupcakes is not always for cards
clear and the responsibility of each
person that you have not seen before
cameras but they have broken the spine
these 27 hours from previous months
doing activities activities of
fundraising allow us suddenly
get to this moment
and it's very important because there are three
centers together that depending on this
that we're going to sing all together
then all the savior and I'm going to
ask them to stand up please
depending on this the telethon work
is still going
public standing there we have them all
our audience stand up and it's time
beautiful in which we unite the voices in the
moment in which then and to the hours
the artists arrived
we ran out and we have to start
to do mind revision and we are going to
start a lot of attention for the
last number
and this is one
tell them a number one
then
follow number 3
continue with the number 2
I do throw the next one or we do
2 where we can not leave it like that tomorrow
we came
we can say the numbers
for 12 days
but I do not
thanks really to all
Salvadorans to Salvadorans who
you know
the disagreements
in this dream this goal these chips to
all the work behind the production
to all the sponsors to you the
public to colom before then friends
thanks thanks
sometimes thanks to all the production
also the Salvadoran telecorporation
for joining this cause with all the
talents not only those who are here but
also those who are behind you change to
all but sorry things in the next
I want to give special thanks
also someone who joined from the
principle that when they did the
call said yesterday I am lucero
because today I have seen another touch too
special thanks to you for accepting me
for inviting me for allowing me to share and
enjoy with you this achievement of this
wonderful country that shows that it is
a united nation today the savior is
called generosity is called solidarity
it's called union it's called love and the
savior is united by his children by
their teenagers for their adults with
some disability and I feel honored
victims with very rare to be here
accompanying you all thank you
It really has been a pleasure for November
you will be welcomed as much as you are
step in your house be in your country
welcome and the name of your state
thank you thank you very much
the sale is made only for the most
or less in 17 thousand dollars and before
all means united thanks to the
press thank you all thanks thinker
for once more
make a telethon miracle possible
Amen
Salvadorans do
if we could achieve the goal
look